## Jets Project

This project is for week 2 of Skill Distillery and incorporates my new knowledge of object-oriented programming through uses of classes and arrays. I first created a class and a method for each option in the application menu. The first option was to simply list the jets, option 2 required sorting the jets from fastest to slowest, option 3 was to sort the jets by range, and option 4 was to add a new jet by taking user input and converting the speed from MPH to Mach.

To create the array of jets, a class of Jets was created to model the attributes of a jet such as model, speed, range, and price. I then used toString() and StringBuilder to make it easier to concatenate strings and print out the information on jets. I then created two very similar methods to sort the jets according to speed and range. This was done using nested for-loops. A method was also created to add a jet to the array list. Any time a new jet is added, the number of jets is incremented by one and the new jets information is added to the list so that it prints out when the user choose that option in the menu.

I began working on assigning pilots to jets by creating a new class of pilots and methods to add pilots and randomly assign them to a jet. I struggled with creating a randomizer or with using a shuffle function to randomly assign a jet to a pilot. Since I was able to create high encapsulation and strong cohesion, I was able to add extra features to the program such as creating the new class of pilots and assign pilots ot planes. The most difficult part of this project was sorting arrays and randomizing assignments. Use of arraylists would have made this portion of the project go much more smoothly.
